PowerShell Empire
Empire is a “PowerShell and Python
post-exploitation agent”
with a heavy focus on client-side
exploitation
and post-exploitation
of Active Directory deployments.
Exploitation and post-exploitation
are performed using PowerShell
on Windows, and Python on Linux and macOS.
Empire relies on standard pre-installed
libraries and features.
PowerShell execution requires only
PowerShell version 2 and Linux and Mac
modules require Python 2.6 or 2.7.
While Empire seems to share many features
with the Metasploit Framework,
they are quite different in nature.
Metasploit has a vast collection of
exploits geared towards gaining
initial access.
On the other hand, Empire is designed as
a post-exploitation tool
targeted primarily at
Active Directory environments.
Empire tends to leverage built-in features
of the target operating system
and its major applications.